Remove OIDC and SAML adapters for Wildfly/EAP ZIP downloads. Update documentation. (#24877)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/release_notes/topics/23_0_0.adoc

= OIDC and SAML adapter changes for WildFly and JBoss EAP

OIDC adapter for the WildFly and JBoss EAP, which was deprecated in previous versions, is removed in this release. The SAML adapter ZIP download

> for WildFly/EAP is removed as it is being replaced by the Galleon feature pack. See the link:{adapterguide_link}[{adapterguide_name}] for the details.

Reviewer: Perhaps add a note around Elytron OIDC?

Author: Updated

= OIDC and SAML adapter changes for WildFly and JBoss EAP

> OIDC adapter for the WildFly and JBoss EAP, which was deprecated in previous versions, is removed in this release. It is being replaced by the Elytron OIDC adapter,
> which is provided as part of the WildFly. The SAML adapter ZIP download for WildFly/EAP is removed as it is being replaced by the Galleon feature pack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OIDC adapter for the WildFly and JBoss EAP, which was deprecated in previous versions, is removed in this release. It is being replaced by the Elytron OIDC adapter,
which is included in WildFly. The SAML adapter ZIP download for WildFly/EAP is removed as it is being replaced by the Galleon feature pack.
```
